hi I'm Katrina tartu from highlands
ville PA I had the surgery gastric
bypass in September of 2009 I am
currently down 136 pounds I was
originally in a size 26 making my way
into a size 28 and I'm currently a size
12 almost down to a size 10 and hoping
to be a size 8 my life before gastric
bypass surgery and the mercy bariatric
program was quite miserable to say the
least i was diagnosed with polycystic
ovarian syndrome when i was 18 and it
seemed like my life was in a downward
spiral after that i was diagnosed with
being pre-diabetic insulin resistant and
both of those led to being diagnosed
with gastroparesis which led me to
having only thirteen percent use of my
stomach I was just miserable I was 25
years old and couldn't enjoy life the
way I was supposed to everyone just
looked at me like I was a girl that eat
too much not the girl that had medical
problems that led me to being obese and
I just couldn't live my life like that
anymore I made the decision in Christmas
of 2008 to have gastric bypass because
my husband had proposed to me on
Christmas morning and I thought about
going out dress shopping and I couldn't
imagine myself in a white dress I
thought about wearing different colors
and what I was going to do and I just
couldn't believe that I was at the stage
in my life where I couldn't enjoyably go
to a dress shop and try on wedding
dresses and I started thinking about my
life before and where I wanted to be and
I knew that being 280 pounds at 25 years
old wasn't the person that I wanted to
be anymore I chose mercy Bariatrics
because I was referred by one of my
other doctors in the mercy program I
lived over 45 minutes away and I needed
to find somewhere that I could call home
and after my first appointment within a
few minutes I knew that this is my new
family that was going to lead me to wear
my new life would be they were carrying
an informative
and they just promised me a new life
that I never thought was possible but
that I always wanted and always dreamed
of and they made me feel like it was a
reality and it wasn't out of reach from
the time that I made my initial phone
call to meeting the doctors and the
program the people in the program the
doctors and the directors and everyone
they just they made me feel comfortable
even when I was at my heaviest and I
never felt comfortable around anyone and
to find a group of people that
understood where I was coming from and
understood where I wanted to go and
wanted to help me every step of the way
was just it was breathtaking and it was
undescribable my life after gastric
bypass surgery is amazing I am no longer
insulin resistant I'm no longer
pre-diabetic I have no gastroparesis and
my polycystic ovarian syndrome is now in
control and I can actually think about
being a mother which is something that I
couldn't do before I love to enjoy the
little things in life like exercise and
going shopping and being able to walk
all the way from the end of the parking
lot all over them all and still not be
out of breath where before I would look
for the closest parking spot and would
be miserable because I thought about
going to a plus I store I am enjoying
vacations and a new life with my husband
and getting to experience my nephew's
being young which is making me excited
about being a mom and not have to worry
about keeping up with a baby and being
out of breath and spending all my time
with doctors now I can spend it living
healthy and being happy
you